welcome to a video summary a Hansberry
Micro PC you can read the full in-depth
review from the link in the description
below as you can see this is a very tiny
device but actually runs a full desktop
version of Windows 8.1 the number of
inputs and outputs are obviously limited
by the dimensions so all you get are
single USB and mini USB 2.0 ports but a
micro SD card slot on the other side
which can be used to expand the 32
gigabytes of internal storage there's
also a small power button near the tip
now the hannspree has built-in 2.4
gigahertz Wi-Fi you connect to the
display using the HDMI plug at the end
no you need to get going is packed into
the box including at the UK USB power
adapter and an HDMI extender lead in
case you can't quite squeeze it in so
let's take a look at the micro PC in
action we don't have the micro PC
connected to our full HD display I'm
using a little air mouse to control it
as you can see we've customized the home
screen with us some of our favourite
apps and games including native Windows
8.1 apps such as Netflix for odeon Kodi
using the Hansberry for general web
browsing works well with even complex
media heavy pages loading quite quickly
but the lack of 5 gigahertz compatible
Wi-Fi hinders s's at HD media streamer
Bluetooth transmitter also isn't the
best when we got frequent cut outs when
using the likes of Spotify in title
still if you want to low cost all around
windows experience the hannspree Micro
PC certainly fits the bill quite nicely
but at around a hundred and fifty pounds
if it's a dedicated media streaming
device you want we can think of better
alternatives for the money you can read
the full in-depth review at AV forums
calm before with slash reviews you can
also see more videos at AV forints comm
forward slash videos
and why not follow us on Twitter and
like our Facebook page thanks for
watching